[Music]
[Music] then Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his
then Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his
then Jehoshaphat his son reigned in his place and strengthened himself against
place and strengthened himself against
place and strengthened himself against Israel and he placed troops in all the
Israel and he placed troops in all the
Israel and he placed troops in all the fortified cities of Judah and set
fortified cities of Judah and set
fortified cities of Judah and set Garrison's in the land of Judah and in
Garrison's in the land of Judah and in
Garrison's in the land of Judah and in the cities of a frame which ASA his
the cities of a frame which ASA his
the cities of a frame which ASA his father had taken now the Lord was with
father had taken now the Lord was with
father had taken now the Lord was with Josh effect because he walked in the
Josh effect because he walked in the
Josh effect because he walked in the former ways of his father David he did
former ways of his father David he did
former ways of his father David he did not seek the bales but sought the god of
not seek the bales but sought the god of
not seek the bales but sought the god of his father and walked in his
his father and walked in his
his father and walked in his Commandments and not according to the
Commandments and not according to the
Commandments and not according to the acts of Israel therefore the Lord
acts of Israel therefore the Lord
acts of Israel therefore the Lord established the kingdom in his hand and
established the kingdom in his hand and
established the kingdom in his hand and all Judah gave presents to Jay hasha fat
all Judah gave presents to Jay hasha fat
all Judah gave presents to Jay hasha fat and he had riches and honour in
and he had riches and honour in
and he had riches and honour in abundance and his heart took delight in
abundance and his heart took delight in
abundance and his heart took delight in the ways of the Lord
the ways of the Lord
the ways of the Lord moreover he removed the high places and
moreover he removed the high places and
moreover he removed the high places and wooden images from Judah also in the
wooden images from Judah also in the
wooden images from Judah also in the third year of his reign he sent his
third year of his reign he sent his
third year of his reign he sent his leaders Ben hail Obadiah Zechariah
leaders Ben hail Obadiah Zechariah
leaders Ben hail Obadiah Zechariah Nathanael and my care to teach in the
Nathanael and my care to teach in the
Nathanael and my care to teach in the cities of Judah and with them he sent
cities of Judah and with them he sent
cities of Judah and with them he sent Levites Sameach Nathania
Levites Sameach Nathania
Levites Sameach Nathania ziba daya a Sahel shamira Mothe Johana
ziba daya a Sahel shamira Mothe Johana
ziba daya a Sahel shamira Mothe Johana 'then add an idea
'then add an idea
'then add an idea Tobiah and table add an idea the Levites
Tobiah and table add an idea the Levites
Tobiah and table add an idea the Levites and with them Alysha mer
and with them Alysha mer
and with them Alysha mer and Jehoram the priests so they taught
and Jehoram the priests so they taught
and Jehoram the priests so they taught in Judah and had the book of the law of
in Judah and had the book of the law of
in Judah and had the book of the law of the Lord with them they went throughout
the Lord with them they went throughout
the Lord with them they went throughout all the cities of Judah and taught the
all the cities of Judah and taught the
all the cities of Judah and taught the people and the fear of the Lord fell on
people and the fear of the Lord fell on
people and the fear of the Lord fell on all the kingdoms of the lands that were
all the kingdoms of the lands that were
all the kingdoms of the lands that were around Judah so that they did not make
around Judah so that they did not make
around Judah so that they did not make war against Jehoshaphat also some of the
war against Jehoshaphat also some of the
war against Jehoshaphat also some of the Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presence
Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presence
Philistines brought Jehoshaphat presence and silver as tribute and the Arabians
and silver as tribute and the Arabians
and silver as tribute and the Arabians brought in flocks 7700 Rams and seven
brought in flocks 7700 Rams and seven
brought in flocks 7700 Rams and seven thousand seven hundred male goats
thousand seven hundred male goats
thousand seven hundred male goats so johash event became increasingly
so johash event became increasingly
so johash event became increasingly powerful and he built fortresses and
powerful and he built fortresses and
powerful and he built fortresses and storage cities in Judah he had much
storage cities in Judah he had much
storage cities in Judah he had much property in the cities of Judah and the
property in the cities of Judah and the
property in the cities of Judah and the men of war mighty men of valor were in
men of war mighty men of valor were in
men of war mighty men of valor were in Jerusalem these are their numbers
Jerusalem these are their numbers
Jerusalem these are their numbers according to their fathers houses of
according to their fathers houses of
according to their fathers houses of Judah the captains of thousands
Judah the captains of thousands
Judah the captains of thousands aDNA the captain and with him three
aDNA the captain and with him three
aDNA the captain and with him three hundred thousand mighty man of Valor and
hundred thousand mighty man of Valor and
hundred thousand mighty man of Valor and next to him was Gia Hainan the captain
next to him was Gia Hainan the captain
next to him was Gia Hainan the captain and with him
and with him
and with him two hundred and eighty thousand and next
two hundred and eighty thousand and next
two hundred and eighty thousand and next to him was a Messiah the son of
to him was a Messiah the son of
to him was a Messiah the son of Zechariah who willingly offered himself
Zechariah who willingly offered himself
Zechariah who willingly offered himself to the Lord and with him two hundred
to the Lord and with him two hundred
to the Lord and with him two hundred thousand mighty men of valor of Benjamin
thousand mighty men of valor of Benjamin
thousand mighty men of valor of Benjamin Alya a mighty man of Valor and with him
Alya a mighty man of Valor and with him
Alya a mighty man of Valor and with him two hundred thousand men armed with bow
two hundred thousand men armed with bow
two hundred thousand men armed with bow and shield and next to him was jaha's
and shield and next to him was jaha's
and shield and next to him was jaha's Abed and with him 180,000 prepared for
Abed and with him 180,000 prepared for
Abed and with him 180,000 prepared for war these serve the king besides those
war these serve the king besides those
war these serve the king besides those the king put in the fortified cities
the king put in the fortified cities
the king put in the fortified cities throughout all Judah
throughout all Judah
throughout all Judah [Music]